=pod

=head1 NAME

every - create and queue a cronjob

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Form: every [--help] [-n|--dry-run] [-l] ([num] unit)... program

For example:

    every day dosomething

    every 3 hours dosomething

    every @reboot dosomething

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Create and installs a crontab entry for you from a simple readable
specifier.  To see what crontab the tool will create, pass just --dry-run or
-n and it will print out the crontab entry without installing it.  Crontabs
will be installed in the current user's crontab.  You can view them in the
usual way (ie, crontab -l).

Commands will always be run from the directory you were in when you ran
every, so "./do_something" is perfectly valid.

The "-l" command provides job locking, so that if your command hasn't exited
by the time cron ticks again, you won't end up with second copy running.

=head1 OPTIONS

--help - Display this page.

--dry-run

-n     - Don't actually install the crontab

-l     - Add locking so that more then one copy can't run at once

num    - Number of the unit, defaults to 1

unit   - Unit can be min(ute)(s), hour(s), day(s), week(s), month(s) or the
name of a day of week, eg tue(sday).

Or instead of a number plus a unit, you can pass in @daily, @weekly, @yearly
or @reboot which will cause your command to be run every day, week, year or
on reboot, respectively.

=head1 JUSTIFICATION

This is intended to be as easy to use as "at", but for recurring jobs rather
then one-offs.  I'd found myself having a bad habit of running tasks in
loops in my shell with sleeps, rather then creating cron entries-- this is
intended to encourage me (and you!) to actually use cron.

One major thing I'm likely to add, is to export some of your environment, in
particular, your path.


=head1 AUTHOR

Rebecca Turner <becca@referencethis.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Rebecca Turner.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

BECAUSE THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE SOFTWARE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT
WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED BY THE ABOVE LICENCE, BE LIABLE
TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.


=cut

